Add AWS Integration connection actions page (#32249)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/actions/connections/aws_integration.md

- The selected action must be read-only. Write or mutating actions (such as `Put*`, `Delete*`, `Update*`) are not supported and fail when running.
- The user, user's team, or user's org **must** have been given explicit 'Executor' permission on the AWS Integration in Datadog (see next section for details).

---

## Configuration

### 1. Configure AWS Integration permissions

Make sure that:
- The AWS integration is **active** for your target **AWS Account** and no integration issues are detected by Datadog.
- The **IAM Role** associated with the integration has the permissions for the operations (for example `ecs:ListClusters`).
- The integration is configured with the **Executor** permission in the Datadog AWS Integration configuration page (see below).

To configure the **Executor** permission in Datadog AWS Integration: 
- In Datadog, navigate to "Integrations" then open the "Amazon Web Services" configuration page.
- Select the AWS Account connected to Datadog that you want to run actions with. If you haven't already configured the AWS Integration, follow the [AWS Integration setup guide](https://docs.datadoghq.com/integrations/amazon_web_services/#setup).

> - Click on "**Set Permissions**":

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Click on **Set Permissions**:
```

---
title: Using AWS Integration in Actions

> description: Use Datadog's built-in AWS Integration to run Workflows read Actions without additional configuration in AWS.

Author: Hm, sorry but I don't think this tracks, the intent here is to say "to run Workflow actions that are only doing 'reads' (as opposed to 'write'/mutations)

## Supported use cases

Examples include:

- Listing or describing AWS resources (for example: `ListECSClusters`, `DescribeInstances`, `GetBucketPolicy`)
- Reading configurations or metadata from AWS services (for example: `GetFunctionConfiguration`, `ListSecrets`)
- Inspecting resource tags, metrics, or logs

For **other** actions, use a [dedicated Connection](https://docs.datadoghq.com/actions/connections/?tab=workflowautomation#work-with-connections) instead.

### Requirements

To successfully execute actions with this integration:

- The **AWS Integration IAM Role** configured for Role Delegation must have the permissions required for the operations desired (for example  `ecs:ListClusters`).
- The selected action must be read-only. Write or mutating actions (such as `Put*`, `Delete*`, `Update*`) are not supported and fail when running.

> - The user, user's team, or user's org **must** have been given explicit 'Executor' permission on the AWS Integration in Datadog (see next section for details).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The user, user's team, or user's org **must** have been given explicit 'Executor' permission on the AWS Integration in Datadog (more details [below][3]).
```

<div class="alert alert-info">

> Executing actions using the **Datadog AWS Integration** is only available for users that have setup the Datadog AWS Integration via **Role Delegation**. Additionally, while operations under the <a href="https://docs.aws.amazon.com/aws-managed-policy/latest/reference/ViewOnlyAccess.html" target="_blank">ViewOnlyAccess permissions</a> are allowed, the IAM Role associated with the Datadog AWS Integration may not have the permissions needed. Make sure that the role has the correct permissions if encountering issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Executing actions using the Datadog AWS Integration is only available for users that have set up the Datadog AWS Integration through <a href="/integrations/guide/aws-manual-setup/?tab=roledelegation" target="_blank">role delegation</a>. Additionally, while operations under the <a href="https://docs.aws.amazon.com/aws-managed-policy/latest/reference/ViewOnlyAccess.html" target="_blank">ViewOnlyAccess permissions</a> are allowed, the IAM Role associated with the Datadog AWS Integration may not have the permissions needed. Make sure that the role has the correct permissions if you encounter issues.
```

- Click on **Set Permissions**:

{{< img src="service_management/aws_integration_tile_set_permission.png" alt="An integration on the AWS Integration configuration where the Set permission button is usable" style="width:100%;" >}}

In the Permissions modal, select a user, team, or organization to be granted **Executor** permissions:

{{< img src="service_management/aws_integration_tile_permission_modal.png" alt="A permission modal with Executor permission highlighted" style="width:100%;" >}}

<div class="alert alert-info">
If instead of a <b>Set Permissions</b> button, you have a <b>Request Edit Access</b> button, you need to request the AWS Configuration Edit permission from an Admin in your organization.
</div>

### 2. Select the Integration in Action

When creating or editing an Action within **Workflows**, you can choose your existing AWS integration in the Connections field.

1. Open your Workflow in the Datadog UI.
2. Add an AWS Action (for example, **List ECS Clusters**).
3. In the **Connection** dropdown, select **Existing AWS Integration**.
4. Choose the AWS Account configured in your Datadog integration.

> {{< img src="service_management/aws_integration_connection_dropdown.png" alt="A Workflow Step configuration with a AWS Account: 0123456789101 Connection option" style="width:100%;" >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In [Workflow Automation][5], click the workflow you want to edit.
1. Add an AWS action, such as **List ECS Clusters**.
1. In the configuration pane, click the **Connection** dropdown and scroll to **Existing AWS Integrations**. 
1. Select the AWS Account you configured in step one.
1. Click **Save**.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```
[1]: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/aws-managed-policy/latest/reference/ViewOnlyAccess.html
[2]: /actions/connections/?tab=workflowautomation#work-with-connections
[3]: /add-aws-int-docs/actions/connections/aws_integration/#configuration
[4]: https://app.datadoghq.com/integrations
```

Reviewer: these numbers shouldn't be inside a code block in your file. i just had to make them a code block to get them to appear in my comment lol
